Nautilus Protocol
===============

Nautilus is a open system and parallel a closed system called (Nemo Network). Both are distributed Ledger with different types of nodes out there. There are normal nodes that serve as access points for Dapps or API endpoints and that support the network. Besides, there are nodes that serve as validators, which have the following tasks:

1.) Verify transactions on the blockchain.
2.) And serve as a trust entity whose task is to sign new smart contracts on the Nautilus Chain.

In order for a node to become a validator, it must have its own signature and ID, signed by the Geneis node. Only signed validators can be included in the validator pool.

The signing is done by Meduse as a clearing house. Once a validator is included, it can now sign smart contracts that are allowed to run on the blockchain. Thus, the validator is the clearing house for smart contracts.

In order to run a smart contract on the blockchain, the validator does not have to deploy this smart contract itself, it is sufficient if it has a signature of a validator that is in the validator pool at the time of deployment. Transactions within the blockchain do not require a signature and can be executed by any participant.

A Validator Pool: Is the queue for the validators.
An Era is a unit of blocks in which the order of the validators is defined.
Active Validator Pool: Is for an Era defined number of randomly selected validators.

Selection Protokol
================

During an Era, new blocks are created, each block has its own hash value determined by the previous block and transactions.

For each new Era, except the Genesis Era + 1, the hash values of the blocks of the Era that were before the previous Era are taken and combined and a new computable hash value is calculated. This serves for the random selection as seed value. With a predefined list and the same seed value the new sorting is always the same. Here by we can verify the selection of the order over the history but in the future it is random. (GRANDPA protocol)


Validation
===========

A validator has a time window in which it can validate transactions. A block has a fixed size.
A validator must validate at least 1 block.
A block is created when:

1. when the fixed size has been reached.
2. when the time window is no longer closed.

Empty blocks are allowed only if the time slot is not closed.
A validator can create as many blocks as there are transactions in the transaction pool.

A new smart contract is only accepted by the validator if it has a signature that can be verified by a validator. (Public / Private Signature)

If a validator is defective in the system, a certain amount of the staked coins will be burned.

At the end of an era, the fees are distributed to the participating validators and receive new coins as far as available in the network.

Coin Tokenomic
==============

The number of coins is limited. Validators are additionally rewarded until the MarketCap is reached in the system.
If coins are generated by validators, these coins are available again to additionally reward other validators.